so Derrick Rose is back again do you
think the Bulls will win the Eastern
Conference I think they can do it my
shop is Evan Turner from the
Philadelphia 70 sisters and you tuned
into GR sports three so I hope everybody
had a great weekend in this video
basically comes as a result of
yesterday's live stream that I did and
if you missed it my bad go ahead and
click and watch the whole thing right
there but one of the things I talked
about extensively once the Eastern
Conference on who do I think is gonna
win it we all know the Chicago Bulls at
the top 4614 you have the Miami Heat the
Celtics are on the surge and then you
have the Pacers who may be a wild card
now I'm xing the Pacers off I don't
think this is their year maybe they'll
surprise the Boston Celtics I don't
think they're deep enough I know they
want to run right now and at the end of
the day I think the Eastern Conference
Finals comes down to the miami heat in
the chicago bulls and basically whether
or not direct rolls is healthy I really
think the Chicago Bulls have a huge
opportunity to go to the finals this
year I think they're the most complete
team in the NBA right now especially if
Derrick Rose is out there playing I mean
the guy sneezes things are just flying
around here I'm sorry when things have
big ass stingers and it is big it's time
for my black ass to move up on out the
way but Derek rolls the guy sneezes and
he blows out his back he walks and he
pulls his groin he hangs out with
Richard Hamilton and then he gets
injured as well I think Rip Hamilton is
just one contagious dude but at the end
of the day they have a bench Kyle Korver
if he's jacking up 3's and CJ Watson is
certainly serviceable when he comes up
off the bench so for everybody asking me
I'm just gonna forward you this video I
think the eastern conference finals are
coming down to the bulls and the heat
and if the heat don't go to the finals a
whole lot of people are gonna have to
pay what do you think Bulls heat celtics
Pacers is somebody gonna tell me nicks
let me know what you guys think hit me
up on Twitter at Gerald sport brief go
find me on Facebook I'm gonna get out of
here I mean when it's 80 degrees I don't
need nothin out here stinging me I'm out
people peace
you